permission.
Cool.
Okay, sweet.
So s so to start it off.
Um, So when you when you started out in sales, How how will you How where you trained?
Um, at least Well, you train and you probably were entrance and sells, like, what is your history of your
career?
Because you came into **** sort of better.
And I presume, Yeah.
So, uh, get ah, a lot of sales methodology training.
So they'll run you through.
Uh, selling through curiosity have been through solution selling.
I've been through spin selling.
Whatever different companies care about, they want you to learn their methodology.
And then so every organization has their own methodology.
****.
Yeah, or they have no methodology and just kind of a style of selling the project catcher there.
So how does that, like the managers go about teaching you them?
I thought methodology.
Like, what are the what are the channels or what are them?
How they introduced the training ****.
So it's usually an outside consultant comes in for okay, you know, three day all all day event, and then
you might have, like, one or two follow up sessions or practices with, you know, managers peers or or the
same consulting folks ****.
And this is throughout what period of time.
I mean, usually it's maybe over a month, but the three days air usually like after it's usually a three
day session **** Capel's and then go and execute.
So there's three day session of the training.
And then after that, issues, you know, go go on the field and kind of Yeah, the better, the better
one.
Uh, Borg's will have, you know, some some type of like they'll map it to their sales process a little
bit.
So Okay, What you learn kind of maps, too, What you're expected to do and working deals.
**** reinforcement is usually, like, you know, maybe maybe once, once 1/4 once every six months, they'll have, like, a
check in meeting to say so.
Once 1/4 you gotta take a meeting.
Yeah.
Are we ended?
And, uh, are we doing still doing that challenger stuff I was to go in, right?
You know what kind of issues you run into ****?
Maybe once 1/4.
So it's a celeb cells, right?
Being on boarded.
Do you?
Would you would you like for For that to me more often to see if you know you're being effective
in your in your in your approach.
Yeah.
I mean, I think, like, like is probably not the the correct concept, because you know what sells wraps?
Ah, you know, most times they tell you, just leave me alone.
If they're veterans will say, Just leave me alone and let me do my thing and figure it out.
And so, um, you know, I would say, uh, like, actual skills coaching.
Most raps will say, You know, just tell me what I gotta do, and I'll go figure it out.
Now, you know, if you can show me that little May actually make me more effective than you know, then
I'd be more interested in casual regular check ins.
Catic.
So, after you finish like that on boarding, how do you start your first year?
Like, for example, to like to help you on the understanding the topic in the field.
What types of training are there in your company?
Ah, kind of like what?
It's a face to phase what One of the channels conferences.
Messages for to do.
Which part?
So when after your arm boarding So So you understand the topic, Uh, off the company in the field.
What kind of what kind of channels The managers usually use it Say the most typical is gonna be peer
to peer.
Mentor ends the go shadow, one of the veteran wraps.
Learn from them, do what they do, and then manager is going to provide.
You know, some coaching are usually more specifically around specific deals and how you're working a specific opportunity.
I see.
And it's probably different through it.
Different in decisions.
Correct.
So which one have you found That is the more effective from your experience?
Um, yeah.
I mean, I think, uh, the peer to peer peas is where, you know, especially ah, veteran rap will come
in, figure out who's doing it well, and then checking in to say, how is this actually done?
Like, you know?
Okay, we know we know what the official training is, but tell me what it really takes.
The wind deals get him through.
****.
Approved internally.
Uh, and so the you know, the thing I like about sales had probably the most is the idea of
of being able to skip that process and make it more efficient at scale with learning from peers without having
Thio.
Have everyone call me up and say, You know what?
How do you do this?
How do you do that?
How do you do?
Whatever.
So, Dad, probably the tool they use for that Most **** viewings correct What isn't tool that helps you most
to keep up with that deal wins, you know, pitch, pitch, practice and have others talk about it.
Demo practice.
You know, I want to see what I came in.
I remember Dave Lichtman was was the veteran wrapping.
So I watched a lot of Dave's videos on how he presented how he talked about the solution.
Ah, how you won deals and, you know, kind of, um, focusing in on what one of the top people
doing at the at the pieces in the sale cycle that I know are important.
So how is a communication guided when whenever you communicate to a manager, what are the topics that you talk
about?
I mean, I would say, uh, you know, since my first couple years, it's mostly about deals.
Carrie, are you working deals?
Where are we with deals?
Piper.
How's your pipeline out.
How's your Ah, you know, how is your forecast pipe?
Pipeline forecasts and, uh, **** attainment.
Where are we for the year?
So how often do you communicate?
Is it weekly is a daily monthly, Um, so add ad hoc, you know, probably weekly.
And then, you know, former formally, um, you know, as in a group setting weekly.
Okay, so they also have group group meetings with all the sales reps.
So between the one on one and the group meetings, um, what is what?
Things need more effective way.
Um, I think group meetings are more effective for knowledge transfer.
Where you got something that's universal, right then one on one is was much better for kind of deal status
and so that you're not sitting for two hours listening to every where everybody else is in their pipeline.
And, you know, I want to know where people are, but I don't really care about the details of what
they're working on.
I want to know what's you know.
What are the updates?
What do I need to know?
How do I do my job better but more of the universal things and then you know if we if
we want to go through individual stuff, do it individually.
So, yeah, the group settings, it's more like knowledge sharing.
Anything else?
It's like what works?
What Didn't work?
What can we do?
Better stuff like that?
Yeah.
What were the key?
Updates from from or get are gonna affect my ability to do my job.
That's him.
So when it comes to, ah, tools they used to track your deal progress.
Where do you store it And materials?
What do you use on to track?
Yes.
I mean, Salesforce's where I'm tracking the status of the deals.
And then, um, depending on what, um, what artifacts I'm using, They'll probably be in a Google drive, uh, and
then uploaded into sales force for Okay, So in bad management, off the progress and start in story.
And those artifacts is there any pain points that not right now that you're that you're experiencing that you wish
would be better in in terms of your work form?
Yeah.
I mean the main This is kind of specific to our our platform **** I'll being being able to use
presentations.
We're having a way to send content to prospects and, um and know when they're opening it.
How do you know how they're engaging with it?
She is my biggest workflow challenge like that, Scott.
So knowing when the wonder viewing something that you send him in, uh, **** being able to track that you
were there are Okay, Okay, Like I'm doing creating the documents, storing them, you know, knowing what I'm working on
I can do all that between, you know, cells for sales, a little drive.
And, you know, I've gotta flow there.
****.
It's insurance of reporting your meeting customers to managers.
How often did you do you do that at all?
Or does it?
It's a quick update.
Verbal update is enough.
Uh, everything's logged in sales for so every every, you know, with serious insights.
Every email is auto logged, as as an activity in sales force.
And then, um, I'll drop in, you know, meeting updates or whatever using Salesforce's.
My enough people want to know what's going on account to get the cells work.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Um, so not only in cell suit, but in the past.
How does your manager Valerie, your performance revenue is ah, is nine minutes of it.
You know, there, there.
May they They may talk about some other things, like, are you?
You keep it in sales force up to date, are you?
You know, good corporate citizen and mentoring **** 96% of it is Are you Are you hitting your number or
not?
****.
So do you think cells the cells training that you are like dis **** training that you've have so far
What parts of it needs to be, uh, improved to be more effective from your opinion **** like, **** ****
experience that you have so far admitting you up to a deal with, For example, as you get on board
it, Um, yeah, the night.
So the feedback I gave when I first came in.
And, you know, uh, this is, you know, almost almost three years ago now, right?
Yeah.
Uh, you know, I always appreciated the they they easily digestible nous of getting the getting on boarding, um, through
sales that I did a lot of it on the tray.
I used to do the train ride up to the city, And so I want you on my way up
I'd listen to their Ryan on my walk to the office.
You know, I have 40 minutes to be that.
So that that that was all pretty dynamic.
Um, I'd say, you know, oh, are in our early phase, it was just way too much content, like it
was It was unpriced **** it ized.
And, you know, a lot of a lot of noise so that, you know, it was hard to tell what
is actually gonna make me sell better.
Um, so you know, my initial feedback waas kind of less is less is more.
Give me Give me the basics and the need to nose and then let me get some experience and then
phase it out.
Uh, so that I, you know, I can do the 101 Get some experience to the to Out to get
somebody to write with.
That's a big one.
Um, you know, I was fortunate to do about selling through curiosity live early on at my time here.
And so I found that, you know, as all these courses, but I thought that was that was effective challenges
we had where we just didn't have enough scale as a team to make it a regular kind of reinforcement
things, though, uh, you know, um, or more teammates.
Reinforcement, uh, is always is always good with that kind of stuff.
Just like, you know, when Ron came in, he reignited the r b e e er discussion, which is, you
know, how you build relationships with customers.
And I really like that he I feel like he has a real incentive to promote culture and the cells
organization, which is really cool.
Yeah, so But the only way only way that stuff like that happens is if you've got a measurable trackable
progress, you're sharing best practices.
So that's, you know, even even with our platform reinforcement and, you know, kind of just regular regular cadence vs
, um, be ****.
Training is is always is always better.
Yes, And now we're talking about sharing experiences and knowledge.
So, Woody, which you do personally prefer, Do you prefer peer sharing Is a discussions conduct trainings or consultation sessions
How do you best think that for you kind of works best for sharing knowledge?
Yeah.
I mean, I, uh I would say, you know, give me, give me the basics and then, you know, if
it's something Maurin depth.
Let's get together and talk about it for a session.
So you know it.
I don't need to be lectured at for, you know, a period you know are or just get something to
read.
Let me give me whatever it is that's gonna help me understand the concepts.
And then let's get on the phone for the least amount of time necessary to make sure we got it
right and, you know, know howto apply it and then get on with my life s So it's more like
give me the concentrated stuff.
You mean you mean don't give me all this content that you know I'll spend like hours kind of like
consuming.
It will kind of help me.
What kind of won't **** It's bullets, in fact, and that's working the pass and just like, let me get
on with my work.
Yeah, I mean, for sales reps to every every minute away from, you know, executing selling is money out of
my pocket.
Unless it's making every minute more effective, right?
So a soon as you hit that curve of I've gone from getting more value out of this to unwavering
time.
Then you take your money out of my pocket.
Yeah, Yeah.
Makes sense.
Eso finally, um my last question.
So which part of the cells that platform to you would you ideally want to add?
Something that is missing something that for years is that I wish I had this Maybe from the tool swept
sides that you're using that is out of cells.
Ah, yeah, for me.
Um, you know, I think it's still it's still the, uh it's the content sharing pieces.
That is the is the biggest one content sharing your being able to engage with with customers and not making
it.
Not just about learning and practicing ****.
Actually, you know, taking all that great stuff and being able to push it out to out to customers in
A in a way that they're they're engaging with with me in the sales process, and I can see kind
of where they are and when when they're engaged.
Yeah, that's one of the things that we're trying to push.
It's like most of it.
And most of the features have been focused on more and learning.
Yeah.
Now we want to focus more on the coaching and the selling so we wanna kind of push.
Kind of like the future sprints into more theme based where we tackle, you know, the major pain points for
for those personal ****.
Yeah.
I mean, for me as a seller, the more that you can bring me in to, uh, my daily and
engaging in my daily work flow the more I'm gonna take advantage of all the other stuff too.
Right?
Right, right, right.
Yeah, that makes sense.
All right, cool.
So those are the questions that I have for you?
Thank you very much for answering them.
I will be working these two weeks to get something.
He's Ah, I'm trying Thio.
Build some tools that will help more.
The kind of like the on boarding and the the the coaching off new sales reps in the Oregon.
So, um, you're you're inside.
It's really valuable giving that you're a veteran.
You have a lot of experience, a different the very organization.
So thank you for that.
Um so siphoned this.
Do you have any questions from the release?
Is that I that I have put out any feet back anything that I can answer for you?
In the meantime, No, I love the love, the dynamic search additions.
Yeah, I like that.
You know, I've just been in so many demos, had so many conversations, and you know that we've got we're
so close on the content side.
But, you know, some of the other competitors are, you know, much, much slicker and more.
Um What what's the right word?
Intuitive on how to get the content **** and more, more.
We can make it so that I could just figure out, like, all right, I need this kind of thing
Let me get down quickly to what I want and not have to go eight clicks into a folder and
then jump out of that folder and goto **** ****.
That's what I've found.
What I started when I started playing with it.
I found that, you know, just like looking at the decide decide many others is that while this is so
much use, reacted just like dropped down.
And I don't have to the amount of clicks that takes to reach the content so much left now and
then, if you filter, Do you know just you know, I think for me the kind of where we g
o The more we can add in kind of the rules and the customization so that I get a more
personalized experience.
I can say, you know, only show me the stuff that's relevant for me or be guided based on my
rail and what I've done before in my experience.
But that's that's the stuff that makes them or engaging in more personal.
Right, Right?
Right.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Oh, great.
Thank you for the feedback.
And we'll be working to improve that even more.
So you answered.
I ask you a question.
You answer me to remember what that question waas.
So it was about the next pitch.
Yeah.
It s so help me understand that.
So it's a random generator of.
And who is it?
It's designed for either a manager or appear to give Nephew took a feedback.
Yeah, so, like, it will once you finish the pitch, it will.
It will prompt that that motel, and we'll give you all the people that within that module that you haven't
reviewed.
So it's easy access where it's like, Okay, let me keep reviewing people and it kind of like it adds
to that that a loop of just say, Ah, not only learning by providing feedback that it's more that it's
effective for the person that you're reviewing and for the person that's learning So it keeps.
They're kind of like the ball rolling people.
Yeah, so I think just my my other ask around platform is just the thing you know constantly Think about
Okay, Now, what would a larger how would this experience be different?
But in a smaller and a larger customer, things like stories you know, are much less effective the way they
are today for a larger company.
If I've got 2000 reps and they're all recording, like where to stuff go?
How do I see the people that are in my region?
My team?
My, you know, like more **** more thought on the workflow for larger, you know, multi multi leveled teams.
I I can see more of what I want and make make all those organic capture features, you know, more
thoughtful about where content goes and who who sees it.
Yeah, yeah, that's really important.
Yeah, we're we're in the new process that we're trying to implement where it's, you know, it's ah, it's a
six week long process where we we capture a theme and you know, it's ah, it's an iterated of process
that defines it user flow and validating those ideas and with the real customers as yourself and like it into
real users.
And, um too, so we can better, um, improved the experience of up those those features.
Pressure?
Yeah, **** Cool.
Well, let me know if you have more questions.
I'll shoot you ever the link to the recording.
And, uh, yeah, let's make this ingrate.
All right, So you thank you, John.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you.
Terrible ****.
Bye bye.